JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
1
Akaverse: Boosting Sharded Blockchain via
Multi-Leader Parallel Pipelines
Xinlei Sheng, Jian Shen, Member, IEEE, Lei Xie, Haoyu Ma, Member, IEEE, Chen Wang, Member, IEEE, Q. M.
Jonathan Wu, Senior Member, IEEE
Abstract—Sharded blockchains offer horizontal scalability.
However, existing per-shard consensus protocols serialize execution
through a single leader and transaction pool, creating a bottleneck
that intensifies head-of-line blocking, increases coordination
latency under skewed workloads and in public network en-
vironments, and ultimately prevents the realization of linear
scalability. In addition, the single-leader paradigm centralizes
the failure surface, thereby undermining the liveness and safety
of sharded blockchain systems. To address these limitations,
we propose Akaverse, an intra-shard protocol based on multi-
leader pipelines. Unlike existing approaches, Akaverse handles
cross-shard coordination by mapping it to parallel execution
across multiple transaction pools within each shard. Each pool
runs an independent threshold-BLS consensus with constant-
size certificates and view-synchronization gating. In addition, a
global buffer pool (GBP) batches cross-pool interactions into fixed
windows, providing deterministic ordering for certified records
and rollback free step-level cross-pool coordination. Evaluation
and analysis show that Akaverse preserves safety and liveness
under partial synchrony and is resilient to forking attacks while
maintaining protocol consistency. At the same time, Akaverse
significantly and consistently outperforms existing blockchain
sharding schemes in public network settings in terms of both
throughput and transaction latency.
Index
Terms—Dependable
distributed
systems,
sharded
blockchain, parallel pipelines, secure cross-shard coordination,
adversarial resilience.
I. INTRODUCTION
B
LOCKCHAIN sharding technology originated with the
pioneering work of Elastico [1]. Drawing inspiration
from traditional database sharding [2], Elastico introduced the
idea of partitioning consensus tasks into parallel subdomains.
Xinlei Sheng is with the School of Computing Science and Technology
(School of Artificial Intelligence), Zhejiang Sci-Tech University, Hangzhou
310018, China, and also with City University of Macau, Taipa, Macau, China.
E-mail: xinlei sheng@126.com.
Jian Shen, Lei Xie, and Chen Wang are with the School of Information
Science and Engineering (School of Cyber Science and Technology), the
Zhejiang Key Laboratory of Digital Fashion and Data Governance, and the
Zhejiang Provincial International Cooperation Base for Science and Technology
on Cloud Computing Security and Data Aggregation, Zhejiang Sci-Tech
University, Hangzhou 310018, China. They are also with the Zhejiang Key
Laboratory of Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) Network and Data
Security, Hangzhou 310053, China. They are also with the Zhejiang Provincial
Innovation Center of Advanced Textile Technology, Shaoxing 312000, China.
E-mail: s shenjian@126.com; jhsx5679@gmail.com; wangchen@zstu.edu.cn.
Haoyu Ma is with the Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing 100044, China.
E-mail: hyma1@bjtu.edu.cn.
Q. M. Jonathan Wu is with the Department of Electrical and Computer
Engineering, University of Windsor, Windsor, SL4 3BB, Ontario, Canada.
E-mail: jwu@uwindsor.ca.
Corresponding author: Jian Shen (E-mail: s shenjian@126.com).
Sharding addresses the scalability bottleneck inherent in
the blockchain trilemma and has since attracted significant
attention. Subsequent schemes such as OmniLedger [3] and
RapidChain [4] introduced further improvements to key aspects
of sharded blockchains, including cross-shard atomicity and
dynamic committee management, thereby advancing their
practical viability and robustness.
The core idea of sharding is to decompose a global
blockchain network into multiple bounded-size consensus
committees. Each committee, assigned through a randomized
mechanism, processes a disjoint subset of transactions indepen-
dently. By employing a parallel byzantine consensus model,
such architectures theoretically enable near-linear scalability in
system throughput. However, this horizontal scalability comes
at the cost of both security and overhead. Specifically, reducing
the size of individual shard committees lowers the absolute
number of Byzantine replicas required to compromise a shard,
thereby increasing the risk of shard-level safety violations such
as double-spending attacks. Furthermore, ensuring the atom-
icity of cross-shard transactions requires multi-phase locking
protocols, leading to a superlinear increase in confirmation
latency as the proportion of cross-shard interactions grows [5].
These limitations become particularly pronounced when
sharding scales to large deployments and operates under high
cross-shard concurrency. In such settings, the system is increas-
ingly constrained by these bottlenecks. (i) Certification and
view-change handling often introduce substantial control-plane
overhead, making it difficult to sustain stable progress under
leader changes and network jitter. (ii) Decentralized randomness
and reconfiguration mechanisms often introduce substantial
integration and confirmation overhead, complicating protocol
composition and adding extra latency to shard operations. (iii)
High-concurrency cross-shard execution remains constrained by
coordination-intensive commit paths, lock contention, and tight
state–consensus coupling. Motivated by these observations, we
adopt a sharding-centric design that scales throughput while
keeping cross-shard coordination lightweight and ensuring
predictable progress under adverse network conditions.
A. Related Work
Existing research has proposed a variety of solutions to
address the security and performance limitations of sharded
blockchains. Chainspace [6] adopts an object-based sharding
model combined with a Hash-DAG representation, enabling
transactions to explicitly encode their dependencies and achieve
0000–0000/00$00.00 © 2021 IEEE
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
2
atomic cross-shard commits through the S-BAC protocol.
Monoxide [7] scales blockchains through asynchronous con-
sensus zones and introduces eventual atomicity to complete
cross-zone transactions without relying on a traditional two-
phase commit protocol. Kronos [8] introduces a shard-managed
buffer for the joint processing of valid and invalid transactions
and leverages a batched attestation protocol to reduce the cost of
inter-shard communication. SharDAG [9] proposes an adaptive
sharding mechanism that uses runtime workload analysis to
dynamically manage account placement, thereby improving
scalability and reducing cross-shard overhead. Recent sharding
protocols have also optimized cross-shard coordination. Liu et
al. [10] improve cross-shard coordination through cross-shard
Byzantine fault tolerance (CSBFT). It further runs multiple
CSBFT instances in parallel to reduce confirmation latency.
CHERUBIM [11] takes a different path. It uses a quadruple
pipelined two-phase commit framework to overlap intra-shard
and cross-shard phases. Despite these advances, large-scale
deployments of sharded blockchains continue to expose three
critical gaps:
1) Deployment-Level Bottlenecks in Certification and View
Changes: In large-scale sharded deployments, certification and
view-change handling can become significant bottlenecks. In
particular, they can substantially increase the overhead required
to generate verifiable shard outputs for cross-shard coordination
and can undermine progress stability under frequent leader
changes and network jitter. Despite progress in optimizing
communication complexity and execution efficiency in BFT
consensus protocols, structural limitations persist when scaling
to large deployments in partially synchronous environments.
These include inefficient signature verification, inconsistent
state advancement across replicas, and misalignment between
synchronization assumptions and protocol safety models [12],
[13]. Traditional PBFT employs three-phase linear broadcasting
and incurs a view-change communication complexity of O(n2).
HotStuff [14], [15] improves this design by introducing a linear
quorum certificate (QC) chain and a threshold signature scheme,
reducing the normal-case complexity to O(n) [16]. However,
practical deployments may still experience nontrivial state-
management overhead during frequent view changes, particu-
larly when multiple speculative branches remain uncommitted.
Fast-HotStuff [17] shortens the optimistic commit path through
a dual-chain rule. However, view-change and timeout handling
may still incur noticeable certificate-processing overhead under
frequent timeouts. This overhead becomes more pronounced
in weakly synchronous networks with unstable connectivity.
The lack of a lightweight and structured global state
synchronization mechanism during view changes also leads
to imbalanced state advancement across replicas [18], [19].
Although the chain-based structure guarantees eventual con-
sistency, frequent view changes or network jitter often force
replicas to maintain multiple uncommitted branches before
consensus is reached [20]. Divergent timeout perceptions across
replicas can induce sustained view-change oscillations, a patho-
logical state in which the system cycles through leader views
without committing new proposals. This behavior can severely
compromise both liveness and throughput [21]. Sharded
deployments benefit from mechanisms that simultaneously
Fig. 1. Performance analysis of PVSS+VRF protocol.
reduce certificate-processing overhead and regulate progress
synchronization during view changes, thereby helping to sustain
stable throughput under adverse network conditions [22], [23].
These observations motivate an efficient mechanism for
certification and view synchronization that reduces control-
plane overhead while preserving stable progress under leader
changes and network jitter.
2) Deployment-Level Overhead of Decentralized Random-
ness and Reconfiguration: Decentralized randomness beacons
are often used in sharded blockchains to support committee
selection and task scheduling. When such beacons are required,
existing designs may incur substantial overhead and present
nontrivial integration challenges in terms of scalability, security,
and protocol composition [24], [25], [26], [27]. Traditional
publicly verifiable secret sharing (PVSS) schemes such as
RandHound can incur prohibitive communication complexity
O(n · c2), where c denotes the number of parties participating
in a single PVSS instance. This cost arises from multi-
round broadcasts, zero-knowledge proof verification, and secret
reconstruction [28], [29]. Fig. 1 shows that latency departs from
linear scaling and exhibits clear superlinear growth. At 1,000
nodes, both the per-epoch latency and the memory footprint
exceed the 100-node case by more than an order of magnitude.
Moreover, many randomness protocols are designed as
external modules, which introduce additional confirmation
latency due to multi-block finality and coordination across
protocol layers [30]. Hybrid designs attempt to embed PVSS
into shard operations, yet they may still be constrained by
coarse-grained synchronization delays. These delays hinder
sub-second block production and introduce security–latency
trade-offs.
This motivates a lightweight, deployment-friendly instan-
tiation for publicly verifiable seeding that can be integrated
into shard operations when desired, without making the core
sharding workflow dependent on a standalone beacon.
3) Structural Bottlenecks in Handling High-Concurrency
Cross-Shard Transactions: Existing sharded blockchains expe-
rience bottlenecks in high-concurrency cross-shard transaction
processing. These bottlenecks arise primarily from serialized
proposal limitations, atomic coordination overhead, and tight
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
3
TABLE I
COMPARISON OF SHARD-BASED CROSS-SHARD COORDINATION PROTOCOLS.
Protocol
Atomicity
Coordinator
independence
Synchrony
assumption
Intra-shard
overhead
Cross-shard
overhead
Verification
cost
OmniLedger
Weak1
×2
Part. sync
2kB4
O(b(log b + λ))5
2k sig6
Chainspace
✓
✓
Part. sync
2kB
O(n2bλ)
2k sig
RapidChain
✓
△
Part. sync
kB
O(n2bλ)
k sig
Monoxide
Eventual
✓
Prob. finality
kB
O(nbλ)
1 Merkle proof
Kronos–VC
✓
✓
Part. sync / Sync
kB
O(nbλ)
k proofs + 1 sig
Akaverse
✓∗
✓
Part. sync
kB
O(nbλ)
k BLS sig
Symbols. n: replicas per shard; b: cross-shard transactions per batch; λ: number of shards involved by a cross-shard transaction; k: distinct input shards of a
transaction; B: size of one certified artifact.
1 Weak atomic progress: safety may hold, but completion depends on continued coordinator/client participation; Eventual atomicity: completion depends on
eventually processed relay transactions.
2 ✓if cross-shard completion does not rely on a single designated coordinator to collect or forward certified cross-shard artifacts. × if such a role can delay or
bias finalization by withholding messages.
3 This column reports the input-side certified-artifact footprint. A 2pc path needs two artifacts per input shard, giving 2kB; a one-shot validation or escrow
path needs one, giving kB. For Monoxide, the cost is counted per relay step.
4 This column counts cross-shard request/proof transfer for a batch of b transactions, excluding local BFT execution. The n2 terms reflect all-to-all shard
transfer, whereas the n terms are achieved by batching, coded transfer, or destination-grouped forwarding.
5 A 2PC path needs about 2k certified-artifact verifications, while a one-shot path needs about k. Batch-based designs add per-input inclusion/commitment
proofs and one batch-level certificate. For Monoxide, the cost is per relay step; k ≤λ.
state–consensus coupling. The prevalent single-leader consen-
sus model forces sequential transaction processing at monolithic
proposers, creating throughput bottlenecks under heavy load.
In addition, the two-phase commit (2PC) mechanisms
used to enforce cross-shard atomicity introduce contention
through distributed state locking, which significantly degrades
performance. Furthermore, the tight integration of execution
and consensus phases requires redundant global state accesses
due to the absence of intermediate caching, thereby increasing
both latency and computational overhead. These constraints
compound one another in high-frequency cross-shard invocation
scenarios. As a result, no existing solution holistically optimizes
the communication, execution, and data consistency planes
simultaneously.
Such limitations call for a coordination-efficient cross-shard
execution mechanism that reduces commit-path overhead,
mitigates lock contention, and improves scalability under high
concurrency.
B. Our Contributions
To address these limitations, we design Akaverse, a sharded
blockchain system that preserves transactional consistency
while reducing runtime overhead, making it suitable for high-
throughput, large-scale execution environments. As summarized
in Table I, Akaverse distinguishes itself from prior shard-based
coordination protocols by simultaneously providing atomicity,
strong fault tolerance, and reduced response complexity. The
contributions of this paper are as follows:
1) Streamlined Threshold Consensus with EVS Gating:
Fast-Hotstuff protocol enable two-chain commmits across view
changes by relying on aggregate quorum certificate (AggQC),
which incur O(n) verification overhead and complicate the
safety argument for recovery paths. Akaverse eliminates this
dependency. It combines threshold BLS signatures with an
enhanced view-synchronization gating rule (EVS) to confine
two-chain fast commits to contiguous views, and reverts to
the standard three-chain rule upon timeout-triggered recovery.
EVS binds newview to certified digests via threshold signatures,
blocking stale forks without AggQC. This yields constant-size
evidence with O(1) verification cost, simplifying recovery
safety.
2) Consensus-Embedded Threshold Randomness Beacon:
Akaverse introduces a threshold BLS-based randomness beacon
embedded directly into the consensus pipeline. It provides
publicly verifiable randomness for leader election, committee
reconfiguration, and scheduling decisions without relying on
external randomness infrastructure. Given a threshold key
setup, each randomness round consists of signature-share
dissemination followed by leader aggregation of any t valid
shares. Under a leader-based aggregation model, this design
requires one interaction round and O(n) messages. It further
incurs O(t) group operations for aggregation and O(1) constant-
pairing verification for the final certificate. Each round derives
a domain-separated seed from the committed chain state.
The aggregated threshold signature serves as a randomness
certificate, which is unpredictable before threshold completion
and publicly auditable afterward. This strengthens fairness and
resistance to role-selection manipulation while preserving the
lightweight consensus path of Akaverse.
3) Single-Shard Multi-Leader Parallel Processing Scheme:
We propose a single-shard, multi-leader parallel execution
scheme designed for high-throughput cross-shard transaction
processing. Central to this scheme is a novel transaction
coordination mechanism that integrates a global buffer pool.
This mechanism organizes the cross-pool transaction lifecycle
into three stages: (i) source-pool commitment; (ii) GBP-pool
ordering; and (iii) destination-pool materialization. Crucially,
the approach eliminates the need for traditional precommit and
rollback interactions. Instead, it leverages local consensus at
the source pool followed by GBP log ordering and destination-
pool materialization, enabling low-latency, low-communication-
overhead, and rollback-free execution of cross-shard transac-
tions under high concurrency.
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
4
II. PROBLEM FORMULATION
In this section, we define the network and threat models that
underlie the design of Akaverse.
A. System Model
We distinguish between the total number of replicas in the
system and the size of each shard committee. Let N denote the
total number of replicas in the network, and let n denote the
number of replicas in each shard. We assume that the system
is partitioned into S equal-sized shards.
1) Network Model: We assume a partially synchronous
network model. Specifically, there exists a global stabilization
time (GST) after which all messages exchanged among honest
nodes are guaranteed to be delivered within a bounded delay
of at most ∆. Before GST, message delays may be arbitrary.
Strong synchrony is not required for correctness: safety is delay-
independent, and liveness relies only on bounded message delay
after GST. Node membership is dynamic: nodes may join or
leave shards through a membership management protocol, as
described in Section III.
2) Node Model: Each node in the system maintains its own
local state and is assigned to a shard through a committee
allocation mechanism. Shard membership remains fixed within
each epoch. At the end of an epoch, the system performs partial
intra-shard reconfiguration, allowing a subset of nodes to be
dynamically replaced or reassigned.
B. Threat Model
We consider an adaptive Byzantine adversary A that can cor-
rupt up to f replicas in each shard committee, where the shard
size satisfies n = 3f + 1 as defined above. Corrupted replicas
may arbitrarily deviate from the protocol, including generating
invalid messages, delaying communication, and colluding to
disrupt both intra-shard consensus and cross-shard execution.
The system relies on randomized validator assignment to ensure
that, with high probability, each shard committee maintains
an honest majority. We assume authenticated channels and
standard secure cryptographic primitives. Under this model,
the system guarantees safety at all times and liveness under
partial synchrony.
C. Sharded SMR Model and Cross-Pool Consistency
Akaverse follows a sharded state machine replication (SMR)
model composed of multiple pool-level instances. Each trans-
action pool Pa maintains a locally totally ordered committed
log, and all honest replicas in the same pool execute the same
sequence of committed events. Cross-pool execution is modeled
as a sequence of certified local events. A source-side event
becomes eligible for cross-pool propagation only after it is
finalized in the source-pool log. The corresponding target-side
effect is applied only after the GBP-certified record is verified
and committed through the destination pool’s SMR log. Under
this model, Akaverse guarantees pool-level total order and
cross-pool causal consistency.
For each pool Pa, let La = ⟨e1
a, e2
a, . . .⟩denote its committed
SMR log. Each event e ∈La has a canonical local position
χ(e) = (a, h, q, d), where a is the pool index, h is the
committed block height, q is the event index within the block,
and d = H(e) is the event digest. The order of La is defined
by the lexicographic order of χ(·). Let Pg denote the GBP
pool and Lg denote its committed log. A cross-pool transaction
follows a certified forward path:
Psrc : es ∈Lsrc −→Pg : eg ∈Lg −→Pdst : et ∈Ldst.
The source event es records the source-side effect, the GBP
event eg records the ordered cross-pool transfer record, and
the target event et records the target-side effect.
For a GBP event eg derived from a source event es, we
define its source reference as:
σ(eg) = (asrc, hsrc, qsrc, dsrc),
which records the committed position of es in the source-pool
log. The GBP admits such a record only after the source event
has been locally finalized and certified.
For two GBP events ei
g and ej
g that originate from the same
source pool and target the same destination pool, if:
σ(ei
g) <lex σ(ej
g),
then ei
g is ordered before ej
g in the GBP log, and every honest
replica in the destination pool applies the corresponding target-
side event of ei
g before that of ej
g. For records from different
source pools, Akaverse does not infer a causal order from their
source logs. Within the same GBP block, their relative order is
determined by the canonical ordering key κ(·). Across different
GBP blocks, their relative order follows the committed order
of the GBP log Lg. The resulting order is finally materialized
through the destination pool’s own SMR log Ldst.
The target-side effect of a cross-pool record is not applied
outside consensus. After verifying the GBP commitment
and the associated source-side evidence, the destination pool
encodes the record as a local destination pool event and includes
it in Ldst. The effect becomes ledger-visible only after this
target-pool event is locally committed.
D. Cryptographic Primitives
Our protocol relies on the following standard cryptographic
primitives.
1) BLS Threshold Signatures: We adopt a t-of-n BLS
threshold scheme in which a DKG protocol generates the
public key and the corresponding secret shares. Each party
produces a signature share on a message, and any t shares can
be aggregated into a unique global signature. The aggregated
signature is verified using a single pairing check, and its security
relies on bilinearity and the hardness of the (co-)CDH problem
in bilinear groups.
2) Hash Function: We assume a collision-resistant hash
function H : 0, 1∗→0, 1λ. For any probabilistic polynomial-
time (PPT) adversary A, the probability of finding a collision
is negligible in the security parameter λ:
Pr

(x, y) ←A(1λ) : x ̸= y ∧H(x) = H(y)] ≤negl(λ). (1)
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
5
This standard collision-resistance property is the only re-
quirement we impose on H.
3) Merkle Tree: A Merkle tree provides a cryptographic
commitment that ensures verifiable data integrity. Given a
dataset D = d1, . . . , dn, each element is hashed into a leaf
node, and parent nodes are computed as H(hleft ∥hright) until
the root rt is obtained. For each di, an authentication path hp
enables efficient membership proofs. Verification requires only
O(log n) hash computations, while the structure guarantees
tamper resistance under the collision resistance of H.
III. AKAVERSE PROTOCOL
Akaverse adopts a shard-based partitioning strategy in which
nodes within the same shard run the Fast-HotStuff consensus
protocol augmented with threshold signatures and an enhanced
view synchronization (EVS) mechanism, thereby enforcing
view-consistent progress during view changes. Each shard also
maintains multiple transaction pools governed by independent
leaders that execute parallel consensus pipelines. In addition,
Akaverse introduces a GBP to batch cross-pool interactions into
fixed windows, enabling deterministic finalization. Specifically,
we propose a consensus-embedded randomness generation
scheme driven by threshold signatures. This scheme enables
Akaverse to generate unbiased, publicly verifiable per-view
randomness directly within the protocol, without relying on
external beacons. By leveraging distributed key management,
multi-phase signature aggregation, and a synchronized QC
mechanism, Akaverse tightly couples the randomness genera-
tion process with the consensus execution workflow, thereby
enhancing both randomness quality and consensus security.
In the general workflow of Akaverse, a client submits a
transaction request containing the account address, transaction
amount, and signature information. Based on the account’s
designated transaction pool, the request is forwarded to the
corresponding leader node, which verifies the signature validity,
balance sufficiency, and cross-shard status. Upon successful ver-
ification, the transaction is packaged into a proposal block, and
the leader node initiates a consensus broadcast in which BLS
threshold signatures are used for collective vote aggregation. In
addition, an enhanced view synchronization rule is introduced
to ensure consistent progress across replicas and to eliminate
divergence caused by delayed messages (see Section III-C).
After consensus is reached between the leader and its replica
nodes, the block is officially committed to the blockchain. At
this stage, the transaction is marked as submitted, the corre-
sponding assets are deducted from the account, and a pending
transfer marker is recorded on-chain as proof for subsequent
processing. For requests involving cross-pool transactions, the
confirmed transaction information is aggregated in batches,
and the execution order is synchronized so that the transaction
results can be dispatched to the corresponding destination pools
for deterministic state updates (see Section III-D).
A. Node Initialization
System nodes participate in a DKG protocol to generate
the public key PK and individual private key shares ski.
Specifically, each node signs the genesis message m0 to
produce a partial signature σi = Sign(ski, m0) and broadcasts
it to the aggregation nodes. The aggregation nodes collect
all valid signature shares and combine them into a threshold
signature σ0. The randomness value for the first round is then
computed as r0 = H(σ0), which is embedded in the genesis
block G0.
Subsequently, G0 is disseminated across the network using
a gossip protocol. Upon receiving G0, each node verifies
the validity of σ0 and computes the root shard identifier as
rootIDi = r0 mod S. Finally, G0 is recorded in the local
ledger, completing shard-state initialization.
B. Sharding Process
During the initialization phase, the system introduces a root
shard that serves as a global coordinator for the sharding system.
The root shard manages account address space partitioning
and the selection of regular shard nodes but does not process
regular transactions or maintain account states.
1) Address-Space Partitioning for Accounts: When a new
account is created, the root shard generates a unique identifier
for the account using its address hash value and computes
the corresponding target shard ID. The target shard then
processes transactions associated with the assigned account.
This mechanism ensures that each account has a unique shard
assignment and that subsequent transactions are consistently
processed within the same shard.
2) Shard Node Selection: Each shard verifies the announced
committee configuration before completing its internal struc-
ture update. A regular shard is responsible for processing
transactions and maintaining shard state. Each shard operates
several transaction pools, and every transaction is assigned to a
designated leader. The leader coordinates with the replica nodes
to execute the consensus protocol and propose new blocks.
In detail, pending transactions are partitioned into cross-
shard and intra-shard transactions according to their account
mappings. Each leader is responsible for proposing a block
containing its assigned transactions. Transaction scheduling
rules ensure that no conflicting transactions are processed
simultaneously, thereby preventing state inconsistencies across
parallel consensus instances. Leaders package the transactions
in their assigned transaction pool into blocks and submit them
to the replica group for consensus.
C. Intra-Shard Consensus Interface and Instantiation
In Akaverse, the sharding workflow and GBP-based cross-
pool coordination do not depend on the internal phase structure
of any specific consensus protocol. Instead, they rely on
the externally verifiable semantics provided by intra-shard
consensus. Specifically, they require a publicly verifiable proof
of local finality for committed blocks, as well as a progress-
consistent view-change rule that prevents honest replicas from
diverging on the committed prefix.
Akaverse is inspired by the chained pipeline design of Fast-
HotStuff and augments it with lightweight view synchronization
for pool-level consensus. BLS signature aggregation is a mature
technique and has been adopted in production blockchain
systems, such as Ethereum’s proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
6
layer. Our design uses BLS-based compact certificates to
support efficient pool-level consensus and certified cross-pool
coordination in the sharded execution model. We instantiate
compact quorum certificates using BLS threshold signatures.
The design preserves O(n) communication complexity and a
constant QC size, while its multi-transaction view-advancement
strategy significantly accelerates view transitions and enables
provably safe block finalization. This enhancement reduces
fork occurrence and improves end-to-end confirmation latency
within the chained consensus pipeline. The detailed execution
process is described in the following subsections.
1) Protocol Bootstrapping: Leaders rotate according to a
monotonically increasing view number v ∈N, and QCs are
represented in a unified form as follows:
QC = ⟨type, v, y, Σ⟩,
(2)
where type ∈{prepare, commit, . . .} denotes the phase
tag, v is the current view number. Each QC certifies a block
digest y. We write QC.block to denote this digest, and use
y as shorthand in the signature context. We assume a (t, n)
BLS threshold setting with a group public key PK and per-
replica share verification keys {V Ki}n
i=1. Each replica i holds
a threshold signing share ski and produces signature shares
that are verified using V Ki before aggregation. Threshold
signatures are verified using the group key PK. The symbol
Σ denotes a BLS threshold signature bound to both the current
view and the certified payload. Each replica i produces a phase
vote by domain-separated signing of the triple (type, v, y):
σi = SignShareski
 H(type ∥v ∥y)

.
The verification process requires only a single check on the
view-bound message:
BLS.Verify(PK, Σ, H(type ∥v ∥y)).
(3)
Each replica persists the highest-view certificate it has ever
accepted, denoted as HighQCi. It serves as the justification
for the next proposal and is used to update the local lock state
for safety.
2) Enhanced View Synchronization: EVS acts as a front-
door gate for all handlers (Fig. 2). A replica processes only
messages for its current view, discards messages from older
views, and buffers messages for the immediate next view.
Messages beyond the immediate next view are not processed
by the EVS gate.
The procedure follows Algorithm 1. On a local timeout at
view v, replica i prepares a viewchange message for view
v + 1 under a fixed signing domain. It sets the bound digest
hi to the block digest certified by its current HighQCi, i.e.,
hi = HighQC i.block. The replica then signs H(viewchange ∥
v+1 ∥hi) using its threshold signing share and sends
⟨viewchange, v+1, i, HighQC i, hi, σvc
i ⟩to the next leader.
where σvc
i
= SignShareski
 H(viewchange ∥v+1 ∥hi)

.
When the new leader receives viewchange messages, it
groups valid messages by their bound digest. For a group with
at least 2f + 1 valid messages from distinct replicas carrying
the same digest h∗, every carried certificate HighQC j must
satisfy h∗= HighQC j.block. The leader then aggregates the
Algorithm 1 View-Synchronized Fast Consensus
Input: Threshold 2f+1, group key PK
Output: Committed blocks and updated local consensus state
1: State: CurView i, HighQC i, LockQC i, Buf i, Recoveredi
2: function EVS(m)
3:
if m.v < CurView i or m.v > CurView i + 1 then
4:
return drop
5:
else if m.v = CurView i + 1 then
6:
if m.type = newview and VALIDNEWVIEW(m) then
7:
install m.HighQC ∗; CurView i ←m.v
8:
Recoveredi ←true
9:
else if VALIDNEXTPROPOSAL(m) then
10:
CurView i ←m.v; DISPATCH(m)
11:
else
12:
Buf i ←Buf i ∪{m}
13:
else
14:
DISPATCH(m)
15: procedure TIMEOUT
16:
v′ ←CurView i + 1; hi ←block(HighQC i)
17:
σvc
i
←SHARESIGN(viewchange, v′, hi)
18:
send ⟨viewchange, v′, i, HighQC i, hi, σvc
i ⟩to LEADER(v′)
19: procedure MAKENEWVIEW(M, v′)
20:
group valid viewchange messages by hj = block(HighQC j)
21:
if some group h∗has 2f+1 valid shares from distinct replicas then
22:
choose highest-view HighQC ∗with block(HighQC ∗) = h∗
23:
Σvc ←AGGSHARES(viewchange, v′, h∗)
24:
broadcast ⟨newview, v′, HighQC ∗, Σvc⟩
25: procedure PREPARE(v′, HighQC ∗)
26:
let Bp be the block certified by HighQC ∗
27:
propose Bv′ = ⟨Block, H(Bp), v′, height(Bp)+1, txs⟩
28:
if Bv′.parent = block(HighQC ∗) and LOCKOK(Bv′) then
29:
replicas send prepareVote shares on H(Bv′)
30:
if 2f+1 valid shares are collected then
31:
form QCprepare(Bv′) = ⟨prepare, v′, H(Bv′), Σprep⟩
32: procedure COMMITCHECK(Bv′)
33:
let Bp be the direct parent of Bv′
34:
let QCp ←QCprepare(Bp) and QCv′ ←QCprepare(Bv′)
35:
if Recoveredi = false and QCp exists and QCv′ exists then
36:
if Bv′ directly extends Bp and QCp, QCv′ are view-consecutive then
37:
commit Bp
// restricted two-chain fast path
38:
return
39:
apply the standard three-chain commit rule
corresponding signature shares over H(viewchange ∥v + 1 ∥
h∗) to obtain the viewchange threshold signature Σvc. It then
broadcasts newview:
⟨newview, v+1, HighQC ∗, Σvc⟩
(4)
Replicas recompute h∗and verify Σvc against the viewchange
domain.
BLS.Verify
 PK, Σvc, H(viewchange ∥v+1 ∥h∗)

(5)
If the check succeeds, replica i advances to view v+1 and
updates HighQCi to HighQC∗if HighQC∗carries a higher
view number. Since the view is entered through a verified
newview message, replica i sets Recoveredi ←true. The flag
is set only for timeout-triggered view recovery and remains
unset during normal leader rotation. It is cleared only after
replica i locally completes two consecutive normal consensus
cycles, each consisting of receiving a valid proposal from the
deterministic leader, casting a prepare vote, and accepting the
formed QCprepare, without triggering timeout-based recovery.
If replica i has cast a prepare vote for block Bv in view
v, it may enter view v+1 upon receiving a valid proposal
from Leader(v+1) that carries QCprepare(Bv) as the parent
justification and satisfies the locking rule. This transition does
not involve a newview message and does not set Recoveredi.
In each view, replicas maintain a local safety lock and
accept only proposals justified by a valid QC and allowed by
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
7
the locking rule. The EVS synchronization rules are defined
as follows:
• Old-view discard. Drop any message with msg.v <
CurView i.
• Next-view admission. For msg.v = CurView i + 1, a
valid newview may be verified immediately and used to
enter the next view with Recoveredi ←true. A valid
proposal from Leader(CurViewi + 1) carrying a valid
QCprepare for its parent block may also advance the
replica through normal leader rotation without setting
Recoveredi. Other ordinary next-view messages are
buffered.
• Single-step processing. The replica processes current-
view messages with msg.v
=
CurView i and the
admissible next-view messages above. Messages with
msg.v > CurView i + 1 are rejected by the EVS gate.
𝑇𝑥
EVS Rule
Client
EVS protocol execution
Happy path
BFT
Commit/Reject 
Invalid 
Message
A
B
C
D
E
A
B
C
D
E
Leader Node
Replica Byzantine Node
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘𝑏Invalid Message
𝑚𝑠𝑔. 𝑣
𝐶𝑢𝑟𝑉𝑖𝑒𝑤+ 1
𝑞𝑐. 𝑣+ 1
Buffer to 
NewView
Compare
Obtain
Fig. 2. Processing of the EVS protocol
3) Happy Path Phase: Assume that view v′ is active after
EVS admission. The fast path in this subsection is enabled
only when Recoveredi = false, meaning that the current view
was entered through normal leader rotation rather than timeout-
triggered recovery. If Recoveredi = true, replicas may still
process valid proposals, but commit decisions follow the three-
chain fallback rule.
In the failure-free contiguous path, the leader of view v′
proposes a block extending the parent justified by the latest
valid prepare QC.
We denote the justification certificate used by the leader
in view v′ as HighQC∗, which justifies the parent block
selection for the next proposal. HighQC∗is typically a
prepare certificate for a parent block Bp, written uniformly as
HighQC∗= QCprepare(Bp). On the consecutive happy path,
Bp is the block proposed in view v′ −1. With v′ active, the
leader proposes a new block that extends the parent justified
by HighQC∗. Let hparent = H(Bp) denote the parent block
digest. The proposal carries Bv′ together with HighQC∗as
justification, as follows:
Bv′ = ⟨Block, hparent, v′, txs, . . . ⟩,
(6)
The leader attaches its individual proposal signature:
sigprop
ℓ
= Signskprop
ℓ
 H(prepProp ∥v′ ∥H(Bv′))

.
(7)
Upon receiving the prepare message, each replica first applies
the EVS synchronization rules and then verifies: (i) the sender is
Leader(v′) and the leader’s proposal signature sigprop
ℓ
is valid;
(ii) the carried HighQC ∗is valid and justifies the declared
parent; (iii) parent-child consistency, namely that the parent
digest carried by Bv′ equals HighQC ∗.block = H(Bp); and
(iv) the proposal satisfies the local locking rule.
If all checks pass, replica i casts a prepare vote using its
threshold share:
σprep
i
= SignShareski
 H(prepare ∥v′ ∥H(Bv′))

.
(8)
When the leader gathers at least 2f + 1 valid votes from
distinct replicas on the same message, it aggregates them into:
QCprepare(Bv′) = ⟨prepare, v′, H(Bv′), Σprep⟩.
(9)
By the chained HotStuff safety rule, a block is irrevocably
committed once a three-chain of consecutively justified blocks
is formed. Akaverse additionally uses a restricted two-chain
fast commit in the failure-free contiguous path. A replica may
commit Bv′ by the two-chain rule only if all of the following
conditions hold: (i) QCprepare(Bv′) and QCprepare(Bv′+1)
are both valid; (ii) Bv′+1 directly extends Bv′; (iii) the two
QCs are formed in consecutive views v′ and v′+1; and
(iv) Recoveredi = false, meaning that no timeout-triggered
recovery intervenes in this fast path. If any condition fails, the
replica applies the standard three-chain commit rule.
Operationally, once QCprepare(Bv′+1) is formed, the leader
may disseminate the triggering certificate as a commit notice.
Each replica verifies the threshold signature on H(prepare ∥
v′+1 ∥H(Bv′+1)) and checks that this certificate forms a
direct parent-child two-chain with QCprepare(Bv′) in consec-
utive views.
If the checks pass and Recoveredi = false, the replica marks
Bv′ as committed and updates its committed pointer. Otherwise,
the protocol falls back to the standard three-chain commit rule,
preserving safety under recovered or non-contiguous views.
4) Unhappy Path Phase: If progress is not observed before
the local timeout in view v, replicas trigger a view change as
follows:
• Send
viewchange.
Replica
i
computes
hi
and
sends
⟨viewchange, v+1, i, HighQC i, hi, σvc
i ⟩
to
Leader(v+1), where σvc
i
is a threshold-share signature
over H(viewchange ∥v+1 ∥hi). Once an honest
replica sends a viewchange message for view v+1, it
enters a view-changing state and will not cast any new
prepare vote for views v′ ≤v.
• Collect and broadcast newview. The new leader verifies
the carried certificates, checks hi, and groups valid
viewchange messages by their bound digest. For a group
with at least 2f+1 valid shares from distinct replicas
carrying the same digest h∗, the leader selects a highest-
view valid HighQC ∗. It aggregates the corresponding
shares over H(viewchange ∥v+1 ∥h∗) to obtain Σvc
and broadcasts ⟨newview, v+1, HighQC ∗, Σvc⟩.
• View update and continuation. Upon successful verifica-
tion, replica i advances to view v+1, updates HighQC i
to HighQC ∗, and sets Recoveredi ←true. By EVS,
messages from views lower than v+1, including late
proposals or votes for view v, are dropped, while buffered
messages for view v+1 are released. The new leader
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
8
Transaction 
Pool 1
……
……
……
……
……
Transaction 
Pool 2
Global Buffer
Pool
BFT
BFT
BFT
BFT
BFT
𝑇𝐶𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠1
…… 𝑇𝑥1𝐶4 𝑇𝑥1𝐶3 𝑇𝑥1𝐶2 𝑇𝑥1𝐶1
𝑇𝑥1𝐶𝑛
…… 𝑇𝑥2𝐶4 𝑇𝑥2𝐶3 𝑇𝑥2𝐶2 𝑇𝑥2𝐶1
𝑇𝑥2𝐶𝑛
𝑇𝑥2𝐷1
……
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘1𝐶
…… 𝑇𝑥1𝐷4 𝑇𝑥1𝐷3 𝑇𝑥1𝐷2
𝑇𝑥1𝐷𝑛
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘1𝐷
𝑇𝑥1𝐷1
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘2𝐶
……
…… 𝑇𝑥2𝐷4 𝑇𝑥2𝐷3 𝑇𝑥2𝐷2
𝑇𝑥2𝐷𝑛
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘2𝐷
𝑇𝐶𝑟𝑜𝑠𝑠2
…… 𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐷4𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐷3𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐷2𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐷1
𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐷𝑛
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘𝐺𝐷
𝛿𝐺𝐵𝑃
𝐵𝑙𝑜𝑐𝑘𝐺𝐸
…… 𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐸4 𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐸3 𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐸2𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐸1
𝑇𝑥𝐺𝐸𝑛
𝑇𝑥2𝐶4 𝑇𝑥2𝐶3 𝑇𝑥2𝐶2 𝑇𝑥2𝐶1
𝑇𝑥2𝐶𝑛
𝑇𝑥1𝐶4 𝑇𝑥1𝐶3 𝑇𝑥1𝐶2 𝑇𝑥1𝐶1
𝑇𝑥1𝐶𝑛
𝛿𝐺𝐵𝑃
BFT
Fig. 3. Processing of GBP Protocol
must propose a block extending the parent justified by
HighQC ∗and satisfying the locking rule.
D. Transaction Pool Organization
While the enhanced consensus mechanism ensures safety
and synchronization within each shard, it does not fully
address latency in cross-shard transaction finalization. Akaverse
therefore adopts a multi-pool parallel pipeline architecture
that enables concurrent transaction execution and deterministic
finalization across interdependent pools.
1) Single Pool Transaction Sequence: For a single pool,
committed transactions are ordered by consensus into a unique
sequence. Committed blocks have monotonically increasing
heights, and all honest replicas execute an identical transaction
sequence.
The detailed design is presented in the following section.
2) Global Coordination Phase: Cross-pool transactions are
handled by the GBP, which enforces certified ordering and
step-level finalization across transaction pools. After a regular
pool commits a block, it extracts the cross-pool output records
generated by the committed transactions and submits these
records to the GBP together with the corresponding source-
pool commitment evidence.
The GBP admits only certified cross-pool records, verifies
the source-pool certificate, checks replay status, and orders the
admitted records through its own pool-level SMR log.
For cross-pool transactions, Akaverse adopts step-level
atomicity with rollback-free forward execution. A cross-pool
transaction is executed as a sequence of locally committed
events across the source pool, the GBP pool, and the destination
pool. The source-side effect becomes ledger-visible only after
source-pool finality. The cross-pool record becomes deliverable
only after it is committed in the GBP log. The target-side
effect becomes ledger-visible only after the corresponding
GBP-committed record and source-side evidence are verified
and the target-side event is committed by the destination pool.
If a later event fails before local commitment, it produces no
ledger-visible effect. However, previously committed events
are not rolled back and remain valid inputs for subsequent
processing.
3) Global Buffer Pool: In each shard, Akaverse designates
one special transaction pool as the GBP. The GBP is a dedicated
pool-level SMR instance for cross-pool coordination. It runs
the same consensus pipeline as regular pools, but its state
machine processes certified cross-pool records rather than
ordinary user transactions. The GBP maintains a committed
SMR log for certified cross-pool records. Its state consists of
admitted records indexed by their unique identifiers and source
references. The GBP operates in fixed scheduling windows of
length δ. During each window, it collects certified cross-pool
output records derived from committed source-pool blocks. At
the end of the window, the GBP leader proposes a GBP block
Bg that contains the admitted records ordered according to
the deterministic GBP ordering rule. The block Bg is then
committed by the GBP pool through its consensus pipeline.
A GBP block is valid only if every included record satisfies
three conditions. First, source-proof admissibility holds. Each
record must carry valid source-pool commitment evidence,
so the GBP never admits a source-side effect that has not
been locally committed. Second, replay safety holds. Each
record is uniquely identified by its transaction identifier and
source reference, and a record that has already been admitted
or delivered cannot be processed again. Third, deterministic
ordering holds. Within each GBP block, all admitted records
are ordered by the canonical key:
κ(r) = (asrc, hsrc, qsrc, dsrc, adst),
where asrc is the source-pool index, hsrc is the committed
source-pool height, qsrc is the record index within the source
block, dsrc is the source-side record digest, and adst is the
destination-pool index. For records from the same source pool
to the same destination pool, this ordering preserves their
source-side committed order. For records from different source
pools, the canonical key provides a deterministic serialization
within the GBP block. Across different GBP blocks, the relative
order follows the committed order of the GBP log.
Once a GBP block is committed, its records become
eligible for destination-pool materialization. A destination pool
processes a cross-pool record only after verifying the GBP-pool
commitment, the inclusion of the record in the committed GBP
block, and the associated source-side evidence.
The GBP serves as a shared ordering point for certified cross-
pool records, but it does not directly materialize target-side
effects. Each destination pool commits the resulting target-side
events after completing the required verification. We discuss
the alternative direct-verification model in Section IV-B.
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
9
4) Processing of Multi-Transaction Pool Operation: Fig. 3
illustrates the GBP-pool coordination path, where certified
cross-pool output records are extracted after source-pool
commitment, ordered in the GBP log, and materialized through
destination-pool SMR logs.
Step 1: Source-pool commitment and output extraction. In each
source pool Pi, transactions are first ordered and committed
through the pool-level consensus. After a regular pool Pi
commits a block Bh
i , it extracts the cross-pool output records
from the block. Let Out(Bh
i ) denote the set of output records
generated by Bh
i . The cross-pool output set is defined as:
Rh
i = { r ∈Out(Bh
i ) | r.dst ̸= Pi }.
Each record r ∈Rh
i is submitted to the GBP together with
the source-pool commitment evidence and inclusion proof.
In Step 1, the source-pool commitment is recorded in a
transfer-safe manner. Once a transaction is confirmed in the
source pool, the debit effect is represented in the source ledger
as a deterministic pending-out marker, which can be viewed
as an escrowed transfer state. The source pool updates its state
by reducing the spendable balance and creating a pending-out
record. This record is committed under local consensus and
therefore serves as a verifiable proof of source-side finality.
This mechanism requires no cross-pool locking interaction and
does not stall the source-pool pipeline.
Nevertheless, it still enables atomicity because the pending-
out record is resolved only after the corresponding cross-pool
record has been committed in the GBP log and materialized
in the destination-pool log. Thus, the resolution follows the
certified forward path from source-pool finality to GBP-log
ordering and finally to destination pool commitment.
Step 2: GBP pool ordering. The GBP pool collects certified
cross-pool records within a scheduling window δ. For each
admitted record, the GBP verifies the source-pool QC and the
source reference σ(·). The GBP leader then proposes a GBP
block Bg containing the admitted records, ordered according to
the deterministic GBP ordering rule. After Bg is committed by
the GBP-pool consensus, the ordered records become eligible
for delivery to their destination pools.
Step 3: Destination-pool materialization. After a GBP block
Bg is committed in the GBP pool, each destination pool Pj
derives its projection:
Rj(Bg) = { r ∈Bg | r.dst = Pj }.
For each record r ∈Rj(Bg), replicas in Pj verify the GBP-
pool commitment, the inclusion of r in the committed GBP
block, the associated source-pool evidence, and the replay status
of r. The destination pool leader then packages the verified
records into a local block Bj and runs the consensus to commit
Bj. Only after Bj is locally committed are the corresponding
target-side balance or state updates applied.
5) Cross Pool Transaction Sequence: A cross-pool transfer
becomes executable only after its source-side cause has been
fully committed and propagated. The original transaction is
first committed in the source pool under consensus, and is then
aggregated by GBP into a derived cross-pool transfer record.
This record must be admitted, ordered, and committed in the
GBP pool before it can be delivered to the destination pool.
The destination pool applies the corresponding effect only after
verifying the committed cross-pool record together with the
associated committed chain from the source pool.
E. Correctness
Correct cross-pool execution is ensured through height-
ordered processing, gap-aware synchronization, and replay
protection. Cross-pool transfers are ordered by verified source-
side heights rather than network arrival order. A transfer
becomes eligible for proposal only after its corresponding
source-side height has been locally verified, so out of order
delivery does not affect the execution sequence. If prerequisite
source-side blocks are missing, the block manager detects the
gap, synchronizes the missing blocks, and buffers the transfer
until all prerequisite blocks are available and verified. To
prevent duplicate delivery, each transfer carries a unique digest
that is checked against persistent storage before processing,
while propagation is constrained by monotonic source-side
height progression. These mechanisms preserve execution
order, prevent premature processing, and ensure at-most-once
application of each cross-pool effect.
IV. SECURITY AND COMPLEXITY ANALYSIS
A. Security Analysis
The Akaverse protocol provides robust security under
the Byzantine fault model through a layered design. Fork
prevention is achieved by using BLS threshold signatures to
cryptographically bind replicas to a single block per view,
reinforced by protocol rules that prevent honest nodes from
signing conflicting blocks. View synchronization further ensures
that the chain extends only from the highest certified block.
For cross-pool transactions, consistency is maintained through
pool-level finality, GBP-log ordering, and destination-pool
materialization. Akaverse does not impose a single global
order over all transactions. Instead, each pool maintains its
own committed SMR log, while the GBP log provides a
deterministic order for admitted cross-pool records that is
consistently observed by destination pools.
Theorem IV.1 (Fork Prevention). Under the threshold-vote
aggregation model, Akaverse prevents same-view forks through
quorum intersection and domain-separated vote binding.
For any view v, no two conflicting blocks can both ob-
tain valid QCprepare certificates in view v. Equivalently, if
QCprepare(B1) and QCprepare(B2) are both valid in view v,
then H(B1) = H(B2).
Proof. We prove the theorem by contradiction. Suppose that,
in some view v, two conflicting blocks B1 and B2 both obtain
valid prepare QCs, where H(B1) ̸= H(B2).
Step 1: QC structure and message binding. In our pro-
tocol, a prepare QC for a block B is represented as
(prepare, v, H(B), Σ⟩). It is generated by aggregating at
least 2f+1 valid threshold-signature shares from distinct
replicas over the same domain-separated message m. Under
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
10
the contradiction assumption, there exist two valid prepare QCs
in the same view v:
• QCprepare(B1) = ⟨prepare, v, H(B1), Σ1⟩;
• QCprepare(B2) = ⟨prepare, v, H(B2), Σ2⟩.
Since H(B1)
̸=
H(B2), the bound messages m1
=
H(prepare ∥v ∥H(B1)) and m2 = H(prepare ∥v ∥
H(B2)) are different. Let S1 and S2 denote the existential
signer sets of QC1 and QC2, respectively, i.e., the sets of
distinct replicas whose valid signature shares are sufficient to
generate the corresponding threshold certificates. These sets
are not fields of the final QCs and need not be recoverable
from the threshold signatures. Their existence follows from
threshold-signature unforgeability and the requirement that a
valid threshold QC requires at least 2f + 1 valid shares from
distinct replicas. Therefore, by the validity of the two prepare
QCs, we have |S1| ≥2f + 1 and |S2| ≥2f + 1. The domain-
separated threshold signature binds each threshold certificate
Σi to its certified message mi, so a valid certificate for mi
cannot be reused to certify any different message mj ̸= mi.
In particular, a valid prepare QC for Bi certifies exactly the
tuple (prepare, v, H(Bi)).
Step 2: Honest-set intersection and contradiction. Let H denote
the set of honest replicas and F denote the set of byzantine
replicas. In our model, n = 3f + 1, |F| ≤f. Since S1 and
S2 are two signer sets of valid threshold prepare QCs, by the
threshold requirement:
|S1| ≥2f + 1,
|S2| ≥2f + 1.
(10)
Therefore, according to the quorum-intersection property:
|S1∩S2| ≥|S1|+|S2|−n ≥(2f+1)+(2f+1)−(3f+1) = f+1.
(11)
Since at most f replicas are byzantine, the intersection
S1 ∩S2 must contain at least one honest replica. Thus, there
exists an honest replica
r∗∈S1 ∩S2 ∩H.
(12)
Since r∗∈S1 ∩S2, replica r∗must have contributed a valid
prepare-share signature to QC1 over m1 and another valid
prepare-share signature to QC2 over m2. Thus, r∗must have
signed both H(B1) and H(B2) in the same view v.
However, an honest replica issues at most one prepare vote
in a given view. After voting for a valid prepare proposal in
view v, it refuses to vote for any conflicting proposal in the
same view. This contradicts the existence of the honest replica
r∗that contributed to both threshold certificates. Therefore,
the initial assumption is impossible. Hence, in any view v,
no two conflicting blocks can both obtain valid QCprepare
certificates.
Lemma A1 (View synchronization with digest consistency). If
an honest replica accepts a newview certificate for view v+1,
then the certificate proves that at least 2f+1 distinct replicas
issued valid viewchange shares over the same certified
block digest h∗. Moreover, the carried HighQC∗satisfies
block(HighQC ∗) = h∗.
Proof. A replica accepts a newview message only after verify-
ing the threshold signature Σvc over H(viewchange ∥v+1 ∥
h∗). By threshold-signature unforgeability, such a certificate
can be generated only from at least 2f+1 valid signature
shares from distinct replicas over the same message. In EVS,
each viewchange share is produced over H(viewchange ∥
v+1 ∥hi), where hi = block(HighQC i). Therefore, all shares
aggregated into Σvc bind the same certified block digest h∗.
The accepting replica also verifies the carried HighQC∗
and recomputes h∗= block(HighQC ∗). Hence, the accepted
newview certificate is bound to the block digest certified by
HighQC ∗.
Lemma A2 (Stale Fork Non-Extension under EVS). Once a
valid newview certificate for view v+1 is formed, any stale
fork from view v or any lower view cannot obtain a new
valid QCprepare. Moreover, after an honest replica enters the
recovered view through this newview certificate, it will not
vote for proposals that are inconsistent with the certified prefix
installed by HighQC ∗.
Proof. Consider a valid newview message for view v+1:
⟨newview, v+1, HighQC ∗, Σvc⟩. By the EVS verification
rule, Σvc is a valid threshold certificate over: H(viewchange ∥
v+1 ∥h∗), where the accepting replica recomputes: h∗=
block(HighQC ∗). Thus, the newview certificate is bound to
the block digest certified by HighQC ∗.
1. View-change quorum removes honest voters from stale
views. By the protocol rule, once an honest replica sends a
viewchange message for view v+1, it enters a view-changing
state and will not cast any new prepare vote for views v′ ≤v.
Therefore, after the valid newview certificate is formed, at least
f+1 honest replicas have already withdrawn from the voting
pool of view v and lower views.
2. Stale forks cannot gather a prepare quorum. A valid
QCprepare requires at least 2f+1 valid prepare votes from
distinct replicas. After the f+1 honest view-change senders
stop voting for views v′ ≤v, at most n−(f +1) = (3f +1)−
(f + 1) = 2f replicas can still contribute votes to any stale
proposal from view v or lower. This number is strictly smaller
than the quorum threshold 2f+1. Hence, no stale fork from
view v or any lower view can obtain a new valid QCprepare once
the valid newview certificate for view v+1 has been formed.
3. Recovered-view proposals must extend the installed
prefix. When an honest replica accepts the valid newview
message, it installs HighQC∗as its highest evidence, advances
to view v+1, and sets Recoveredi ←true. Under EVS, it
drops messages from views lower than its current view. In
the recovered view, it votes only for proposals that carry a
valid justification QC, extend the parent certified by HighQC ∗,
and satisfy the local locking rule. Therefore, a proposal on a
fork inconsistent with the certified prefix of HighQC ∗fails
the parent-consistency or locking-rule check at honest replicas.
Consequently, stale forks may still be delivered by Byzantine
replicas or delayed by the network, but they cannot obtain new
honest prepare votes sufficient to form a valid QCprepare, nor
can they be extended by honest replicas after recovery.
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
11
Theorem IV.2 (Protocol Consistency). Given a cross-pool
transaction Tx proposed within the single-shard, multi-
transaction pool protocol, all honest nodes in both the
source pool and the destination pool involved in Tx, under
the coordination of the GBP mechanism, achieve eventual
consistency through the following properties:
1) Pool-level log consistency.
All honest replicas in the
same pool agree on the same committed SMR log.
2) GBP-log order consistency. All admitted cross-pool
records are ordered through the committed GBP log, and
this order is consistently observed by destination pools.
3) Destination-pool state convergence. Each destination pool
executes verified GBP records through its own SMR log
and deterministically reaches the same final state.
We guarantee the above cross-pool state consistency by
proving the three lemmas below.
Lemma A3 (Local Pool Finality). For any transaction pool
Pi, if a block Bi carrying a valid QC is committed, then the
execution results of all transactions in Bi become irreversible
within Pi.
Proof. According to Theorem IV.1, blocks at the same height
cannot coexist. Once a block is committed, a node rejects any
proposal that conflicts with it.
Lemma A4 (GBP-Log Order Consistency). Suppose two cross-
pool records ri and rj are committed in the GBP log. All
honest replicas observe the same committed order of ri and
rj. Moreover, if ri and rj originate from the same source pool
and target the same destination pool, and σ(ri) <lex σ(rj),
then ri precedes rj in the GBP log and is applied earlier at
the destination pool.
Proof. The GBP is a pool-level SMR instance. Therefore, all
honest replicas agree on the same committed GBP log. A GBP
block is valid only if each included record carries valid source-
pool evidence and the records are ordered according to the
canonical key κ(·). This rule preserves the source-side order
for records from the same source pool and gives a deterministic
serialization for records from different source pools within the
same GBP block. Across different GBP blocks, the relative
order follows the committed order of the GBP log.
For records from the same source pool to the same des-
tination pool, the ordering rule follows the source reference
σ(·). Thus, the source-side order is preserved in the GBP log.
The destination pool accepts only committed GBP records and
commits the corresponding target-side events through its own
SMR log. Therefore, all honest replicas in the destination pool
apply these records in the same order.
Lemma A5 (Destination-Pool State Convergence). For any
destination pool Pj, let Rj be the ordered projection of
committed GBP records addressed to Pj. If all honest replicas
in Pj start from the same committed state and commit the
corresponding target-side events through the same local SMR
log, then they deterministically converge to the same final state.
Proof. By Lemma A3, all honest replicas observe the same
committed GBP-log order and derive the same projection Rj
for Pj. Each record in Rj is processed only after its GBP
commitment, source-pool evidence, inclusion proof, and replay
status are verified. The destination pool then packages the
verified records into local target-side events and commits them
through its own SMR log. Since all honest replicas in the
same pool agree on the same committed local log and execute
the same deterministic state-transition function from the same
initial state, they obtain the same final state. A faulty proposal
with a different state root cannot obtain a valid QC and is
rejected.
Theorem IV.3 (Protocol Atomicity). The atomicity semantics
of Akaverse consist of intra-pool atomicity and cross-pool
atomicity. For any execution within a single pool, Akaverse
guarantees all state updates take effect iff the execution is
locally committed. For any cross-pool execution, Akaverse
guarantees each step becomes effective only upon local
commitment, and any committed step remains valid despite
later failures.
We formalize and prove the two constituents in Lemma A6
and Lemma A7.
Lemma A6 (Intra-pool atomicity). For any execution confined
to a single pool in Akaverse, all state updates become effective
if and only if the execution is locally committed. If the execution
aborts before local commitment, none of its state updates takes
effect.
Proof. Before local commitment, an execution produces no
externally visible state update; if it aborts, the system discards
all tentative updates, leaving the committed state intact. Only
upon successful commitment are all of its state updates installed
in the committed state as a single indivisible unit. Therefore,
single-pool execution provides all-or-nothing atomicity.
Lemma A7 (Cross-pool atomicity). For any cross-pool exe-
cution in Akaverse, each step si takes effect exclusively upon
local commitment within its designated pool. Once committed,
the effects of si are irrevocable and constitute legitimate inputs
to all downstream cross-pool steps. Consequently, subsequent
step failures cannot retroactively invalidate si.
Proof. A cross-pool execution in Akaverse comprises an
ordered sequence of steps committed locally across pools.
By Lemma A6, each step satisfies intra-pool all-or-nothing
atomicity: no state update is externally visible prior to local
commitment, and upon commitment all updates are applied
indivisibly. Consequently, a step becomes effective exclusively
upon local commitment in its corresponding pool, and subse-
quent cross-pool processing can observe only effects produced
by previously committed steps. Consider an arbitrary step
si in this sequence. We distinguish two cases based on its
commitment boundary.
Case 1 (Failure before commitment). If si aborts before
achieving local commitment, it leaves no persistent effect in
its pool. Consequently, no downstream step can observe any
output from si, and the cross-pool execution proceeds as if si
had never been submitted.
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
12
Case 2 (Failure after commitment). Once si is locally
committed, its effects are installed in the committed state of its
pool. Even if subsequent steps fail, such later failures cannot
retroactively invalidate si. Thus, the committed effects of si
remain valid and may serve as inputs to downstream cross-pool
processing.
Since failures can only affect uncommitted steps, already-
committed steps are irrevocable across pools. Therefore, cross-
pool execution in Akaverse satisfies step-level atomicity.
B. Complexity Analysis
1) Consensus Protocol Overhead Analysis: We analyze the
communication and computation overhead in three settings: a
failure-free steady state, an average case with occasional view
changes, and a worst case with frequent primary failures.
Failure-free steady state. Under stable network conditions
without faults, each consensus round relies on the threshold-
signature mechanism. The message volume grows linearly with
the number of nodes n, and no global all-to-all broadcast is
required. The verification cost per proof is O(1), which is
lower than that of aggregate-signature schemes that typically
require O(n) verification per round.
Average case. Assume that a single view change occurs.
Because the new primary collects 2f+1 viewchange messages
and then issues a newview message, the per-round communi-
cation cost remains linear. The threshold-signature verification
cost also remains O(1).
Worst case. Each view change incurs O(n) communication,
so vmax view changes result in O(nvmax) messages. In the
asymptotic worst case, where vmax = O(n), this becomes
O(n2). In our protocol, vmax is bounded by a small constant
per epoch, so the practical per-epoch overhead remains linear
in n.
Practical optimization. Although the asymptotic worst-case
communication complexity is unchanged, our design bene-
fits from threshold-signature compression and synchronized
view-change optimization. By performing HighQC chain-
consistency verification to ensure that all replicas agree on the
same highest QC, a new primary during a view change needs
to disseminate only a single threshold-signature proof of that
highest QC, without re-aggregating large QCs. This approach
reduces redundant messages and lowers the effective number of
communication rounds in practice, thereby improving overall
communication efficiency.
2) Cross-Pool Coordination Overhead Analysis: Let n
denote the number of replicas in each pool-level SMR instance,
M denote the number of cross-pool records admitted into a
GBP window, and Mj denote the number of records projected
to destination pool Poolj. The cross-pool path contains three
stages.
In the source-pool commitment stage. Transactions are
committed through the source pool’s consensus, whose commu-
nication cost is O(n) per block and whose threshold-signature
verification cost is O(1). After commitment, only certified
cross-pool output records are extracted and submitted to the
GBP.
In the GBP-pool ordering stage. The GBP acts as a dedicated
pool-level SMR instance. It verifies source-pool evidence,
checks replay status, orders admitted records, and commits
them in its own log. The GBP-pool ordering stage has the
same asymptotic communication cost as one ordinary pool-level
consensus instance and does not introduce a separate global all-
to-all consensus layer. The communication cost of a GBP block
is O(n), and the computation cost is O(M) for verification and
replay checks, plus O(M log M) when deterministic sorting
is required. A higher cross-pool ratio increases the number
of records processed by the GBP in each window. However,
these records are verified and ordered in batches, and regular
pools can continue committing local blocks in parallel. Thus,
GBP increases the cross-pool coordination workload, but it
does not turn Akaverse into a single serial execution pipeline.
This design trades a batchable GBP-side ordering step for
simpler destination-pool materialization. Relative to direct
verification, the GBP layer renders unnecessary the independent
collection of source-pool evidence, the maintenance of per-
source synchronization state, the reconciliation of out-of-
order deliveries, and the establishment of deterministic cross-
source ordering at each destination pool. It consolidates these
coordination overheads into a unified, batchable sequencing
stage. Destination-pool consensus remains autonomous. Source-
QC validation stays intact.
In the destination pool materialization stage. Each destination
pool verifies its projected records and commits the correspond-
ing target-side events through its own SMR log. For destination
pool Poolj, the verification cost is O(Mj) and the consensus
communication cost is O(n) per committed target block. Since
P
j Mj = M, the total verification cost across destination
pools is O(M).
V. PERFORMANCE AND ANALYSIS
We implemented a prototype of the proposed protocol
and deployed it on cloud servers to evaluate its practical
performance. The Akaverse prototype system was implemented
in C++ on CentOS 7.9. The implementation includes the
consensus protocol, buffer mechanism, and random number
generation process, with all nodes deployed across different
geographic regions.
A. Throughput and Latency Analysis
We evaluate Akaverse and Akaverse-4P (four parallel trans-
action pools) against pipelined Fast-HotStuff, Fast-HotStuff-
AggQC, and HotStuff. The network size varies over (40, 70,
100, 130, 160) replicas and the block size over (1 MB, 2
MB). Replicas run on identical Alibaba Cloud ECS VMs; each
VM has 4 vCPUs and hosts four replica processes pinned to
one vCPU each, with the NIC capped at 500 Mbps. In the
LAN setting, all replicas are deployed in the same region on
a low-loss link. To study wide-area effects, the WAN setting
emulates 100 ms latency with 20 ms jitter and 0.02% packet
loss. For the forking-attack experiments, we inject an attack
with probability 0.3 per consensus round. For each network
size, we run 1,000 attacked rounds and report throughput and
the confirmation latency of blocks affected by the attack.
Under the happy-path case, as shown in Fig. 4(a)(b) and
Fig. 5(a)(b), Akaverse and Akaverse-4P maintain the lowest
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
13
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(a) Latency for 1MB block
size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(b) Latency for 2MB block
size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
2
4
6
8
10
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(c) Latency under the fork-
ing attack for 1MB block size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(d) Latency under the fork-
ing attack for 2MB block size
Fig. 4. Latency comparison in LAN environment.
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(a)
Throughput
for
1MB
block size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
40000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(b)
Throughput
for
2MB
block size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(c) Throughput under the
forking attack for 1MB block
size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
40000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(d) Throughput under the
forking attack for 2MB block
size
Fig. 5. Throughput comparison in LAN environment.
end-to-end latency across all network sizes. As the network
grows from 40 to 160 replicas, the latency of HotStuff and
both Fast-HotStuff variants increases more sharply, whereas the
increase for Akaverse and Akaverse-4P remains modest. With
a 1 MB block at 160 replicas, Akaverse-4P confirms blocks
in about 1–2 s, while HotStuff requires around 3–4 s, with
Fast-HotStuff and Fast-HotStuff-AggQC falling in between.
With 2 MB blocks, all curves shift upward, but the relative
ordering remains unchanged. Akaverse-4P achieves the highest
throughput at every scale and degrades most gradually as
the network grows, with Akaverse ranking second. Although
throughput decreases overall for 2 MB blocks, Akaverse-4P
retains a clear performance advantage.
The gains of Akaverse-4P stem from its parallel transaction
pools and pipelined batching path, which shortens the critical
round trip. By contrast, HotStuff incurs increasing interpolation
overhead at the leader when constructing a t-out-of-n threshold
signature, whose cost grows with t. Fast-HotStuff employs a
single-pool pipeline and is constrained by per-core execution
and network round trips, leading to earlier saturation and lower
peak throughput.
As shown in Fig. 4(c)(d) and Fig. 5(c)(d), under the forking
attack, the latency of the HotStuff variants increases markedly
for both 1 MB and 2 MB blocks. In contrast, Akaverse
and Akaverse-4P exhibit only a small increase. Throughput
degrades significantly for HotStuff and Fast-HotStuff under
attack, whereas Akaverse-4P remains high and stable. For a 1
MB block at 160 replicas, Akaverse-4P sustains ≈13–20k
tx/s, while Fast-HotStuff drops to the low thousands and
HotStuff declines even further. Akaverse rejects proposals
carrying stale QCs or non-monotonic view numbers and gates
block admission through EVS-based view synchronization. This
mechanism quickly prunes old-QC fork branches and prevents
prolonged commit latencies.
WAN conditions increase end-to-end latency for all protocols
relative to LAN. As shown in Fig. 6(a)(b) and Fig. 7(a)(b),
Akaverse and Akaverse-4P maintain the lowest latency across
all scales, and their latency grows more slowly as the replica
count increases. With 1 MB blocks at 160 replicas, HotStuff
confirms blocks in roughly 25 seconds, whereas Akaverse and
Akaverse-4P remain in the single-digit to low-teens seconds
range, making the advantage more pronounced at larger scales.
Overall throughput declines in the WAN setting, yet the
relative ordering persists: Akaverse-4P remains the highest
and Akaverse ranks second. With 1 MB blocks at 160 replicas,
Akaverse-4P sustains throughput above 8k tx/s.
WAN conditions amplify the impact of forking attacks. As
shown in Fig. 6(c)(d) and Fig. 7(c)(d), with 1 MB blocks the
latency of Fast-HotStuff can climb to ≈60 s; with 2 MB blocks,
the worst-case latency of HotStuff exceeds 100 s. In contrast,
Akaverse and Akaverse-4P show only moderate increases and
remain the lowest across scales. Throughput likewise degrades
for HotStuff and Fast-HotStuff under attack. Akaverse-4P also
declines but remains above all baselines. Notably, its 2 MB
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
14
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
5
10
15
20
25
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(a) Latency for 1MB block
size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(b) Latency for 2MB block
size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(c) Latency under the fork-
ing attack for 1MB block size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
Latency (sec)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(d) Latency under the fork-
ing attack for 2MB block size
Fig. 6. Latency comparison in WAN environment.
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
10000
12000
14000
16000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(a)
Throughput
for
1MB
block size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
10000
12000
14000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(b)
Throughput
for
2MB
block size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
5000
6000
7000
8000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(c) Throughput under the
forking attack for 1MB block
size
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Network Size
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
5000
6000
7000
8000
Throughput (tx/s)
HotStuff
FastHotStuff
FastHotStuff-AggQC
Ours
Ours(4P)
(d) Throughput under the
forking attack for 2MB block
size
Fig. 7. Throughput comparison in WAN environment.
throughput drops below its 1 MB value, which we attribute
to attack-induced consensus jitter in the WAN; however, the
impact remains within a controlled range.
High network latency in WAN environments prolongs
the waiting time required by multi-round commit rules in
chained protocols. When a fork occurs, HotStuff must re-
establish the two-direct-chain condition before committing,
which extends confirmation time. Akaverse mitigates this by
combining parallel pools with anti-fork admission and strong
synchronization. Within the same view, it quickly rejects stale
QC proposals and drives progress until a higher valid view
forms, thereby constraining the attack’s impact on both latency
and throughput.
B. Comparison with Randomness Generation
For the randomness-generation overhead comparison, we
conduct experiments on a local machine equipped with an
AMD Ryzen 7950X CPU and 64 GB of memory. We evaluate
the efficiency of Akaverse in secure randomness generation by
comparing it with the widely adopted verifiable randomness
protocol RandHound. The experiments cover network sizes
N = 10, 30, 50, 100, 150, 200, 300, 500, measuring latency,
message count, and bandwidth consumption. As illustrated in
Fig. 10, Akaverse consistently outperforms RandHound across
all tested scales. For N = 200, latency decreases from 28.403
s to 4.0836 s, representing a 7× performance improvement,
while bandwidth usage drops from 173.1 KB to 33.3 KB. These
results demonstrate that the randomness-generation approach in
Akaverse is not only lightweight and efficient but also capable
of maintaining scalability in large-scale distributed consensus
systems, making it a practical and reliable alternative.
C. Large-Scale Performance
We stress-test Akaverse and Akaverse-4P at large scales of
256, 512, 768, and 1024 replicas. Each Alibaba Cloud server
has 4 vCPUs and co-locates four replica processes (one vCPU
per replica). The bandwidth is capped at 500 Mbps. In the
large-scale LAN setting, we fix the network latency at 50 ms
and evaluate 1 MB and 2 MB blocks, reporting throughput and
latency. In the large-scale WAN setting, we emulate 100 ms
latency with 20 ms jitter and 0.01% packet loss and evaluate
300 KB and 600 KB blocks.All transactions are cross-pool. All
other software configurations are identical across conditions.
In large-scale LAN environments, as the system scales from
256 to 1024 replicas, both latency and throughput remain
within practical ranges. Fig. 8 shows that with 1 MB and 2
MB blocks, Akaverse and Akaverse-4P maintain confirmation
latency of roughly 9–10 s, demonstrating stable performance
at scales of up to 1024 replicas. Throughput highlights the
scalability of multi-pool parallelism: Akaverse-4P exceeds 32k
tx/s at 256 replicas and sustains 18–19k tx/s at 1024 replicas,
delivering a substantial gain over the single-pool variant while
keeping latency growth modest.
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
15
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
2
4
6
8
10
Latency (sec)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(a) Latency for 1MB block
size
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
2
4
6
8
10
Latency (sec)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(b) Latency for 2MB block
size
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
Throughput (tx/s)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(c)
Throughput
for
1MB
block size
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
5000
10000
15000
20000
25000
30000
35000
Throughput (tx/s)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(d)
Throughput
for
2MB
block size
Fig. 8. Performance in large-scale LAN environment.
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
2
4
6
8
10
Latency (sec)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(a) Latency for 300KB block
size
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
Latency (sec)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(b) Latency for 600KB block
size
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
10000
Throughput (tx/s)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(c) Throughput for 300KB
block size
256
512
768
1024
Network Size
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
10000
Throughput (tx/s)
Akaverse
Akaverse+4P
(d) Throughput for 600KB
block size
Fig. 9. Performance in large-scale WAN environment.
0
100
200
300
400
500
Number of Nodes
0
20
40
60
80
100
Latency (sec)
RandHound
Akaverse+BLS
(a) Latency
0
100
200
300
400
500
Number of Nodes
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
Bandwidth Usage (MB)
RandHound
Akaverse+BLS
(b) Bandwidth
0
100
200
300
400
500
Number of Nodes
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
10000
Number of Messages
RandHound
Akaverse+BLS
(c) Number of messages
Fig. 10. Performance evaluation of randomness generation.
In large-scale WAN environments, latency increases as
expected and exhibits higher variance due to jitter, yet the
overall trend remains stable. As shown in Fig. 9, with 300 KB
blocks latency is 5-6 s at 256 replicas and increases moderately
up to 1024 replicas; with 600 KB blocks, it ranges from 10 to
14 s. In the multi-pool setting, throughput remains between 6.5
and 8K tx/s, yielding a 3–4× advantage over the single-pool
design.
These results show that the multi-pool architecture of
Akaverse scales to 1024 replicas while preserving practical
confirmation latency and significantly higher throughput in
both LAN and WAN environments. By combining parallel
transaction pools with the GBP coordination path, Akaverse-
4P shortens the critical path and avoids single-pool saturation,
making it well-suited for large-scale distributed deployments.
D. Stress Testing of the GBP
To examine the worst-case behavior of the GBP, we conduct
a stress evaluation under fully cross-pool workloads where
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
16
0
2
4
6
8
Elapsed Time (min)
11000
12000
13000
14000
15000
16000
Throughput (tx/s)
12720
Instantaneous TPS
Mean TPS
(a) Throughput under fully cross-pool workloads
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
Elapsed Time (min)
1000
1100
1200
1300
Delay (ms)
1132
Instantaneous Latency
Mean Latency
(b) Latency under fully cross-pool workloads
Fig. 11. Throughput and latency under fully cross-pool workloads.
all transactions enter the cross-pool processing path. The
experiment uses 256 nodes and 32 transaction pools. Each
node is deployed on an Alibaba Cloud server with 8 vCPUs
and 16 GB memory. The network is configured with 50 ms
latency, 10 ms jitter, and 0.01% packet loss. The maximum
block size is set to 1 MB. The fully cross-pool setting forces all
transactions to traverse the cross-pool processing path, thereby
representing a worst-case stress scenario for GBP.
As shown in Fig. 11, Akaverse achieves an average through-
put of 12.7k tx/s under this setting, with an average latency of
1.132 s. These results show that GBP does not cause throughput
collapse or persistent latency accumulation even under fully
cross-pool workloads.
To study the impact of GBP window size and block size on
performance, we vary block size across 100-500 KB (step:100
KB) and δ across 5-20 s (step: 5 s). System throughput and
confirmation latency are logged per configuration. Results
are plotted in Fig. 12. First, throughput results show a clear
upward trend with block size. Larger blocks boost overall
throughput. Under a fixed GBP window, each batch absorbs
more transactions as block size grows. The fixed costs of
consensus and batching then amortize over a wider base.
At δ = 5, scaling block size from 100 KB to 500 KB
pushes throughput from 17.8k to 21.3k tx/s. The extra capacity
translates directly into higher processing power. Second, the
δ heavily impacts the latency. Expanding δ from 5 s to 20
s drives latency sharply upward. Transactions sit longer in
the buffer pool. This extended wait compounds the overhead
of downstream batching, queuing, and consensus, but no
meaningful throughput gain in return. The opposite holds
for throughput. Across most configurations, a wider window
actually drags the rate down. Expanding the time window buys
no real performance advantage under the current experimental
workload.
We next isolate the waiting overhead under random transac-
tion stress tests. Under the assumption of uniformly distributed
transaction arrivals, we estimate the average latency induced by
the GBP window. A transaction entering a window of length
δ waits roughly δ/2 on average. Fig. 14 plots this theoretical
wait as a fraction of the measured latency. At δ = 5s, the
5
10
15
20
GBP window δ (s)
100
200
300
400
500
Block size (KB)
17.8
16.9
17.0
16.6
18.7
17.8
18.1
17.6
20.1
19.3
19.0
18.8
20.9
20.4
19.8
20.0
21.3
20.1
20.5
20.0
17
18
19
20
21
K tx/s
(a) Throughput
5
10
15
20
GBP window δ (s)
100
200
300
400
500
Block size (KB)
4.7
15.2
21.0
40.0
4.7
14.5
27.3
35.7
5.0
14.5
18.2
39.1
5.1
13.8
21.6
28.0
5.4
16.0
28.3
30.6
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
s
(b) Latency
Fig. 12.
Impact of GBP window and block size under fully cross-pool
workloads.
GBP window accounts for 46%-54% of the total latency. This
proportion drops as δ = 5s grows. It simultaneously inflates the
absolute overhead of downstream batching and queuing. These
results expose the penalty of oversized windows on latency. A
compact δ of 5 s, coupled with a 400 KB or 500 KB block,
offers the best throughput–latency tradeoff.
E. Performance under AMM Contract Workloads
To further evaluate Akaverse under realistic smart contract
application scenarios, we construct an AMM contract workload
that emulates a stateful decentralized exchange environment.
Each AMM instance consists of two token contracts and one
liquidity-pool contract. This workload follows the co-located
AMM deployment mode. Specifically, the token contracts
and the liquidity-pool contract of the same AMM instance
are assigned to the same transaction pool, which preserves
synchronous composability for tightly coupled AMM oper-
ations. The workload then executes the core decentralized
exchange operations, including liquidity provisioning, approval,
and token swaps. Under this deployment, a failed slippage
check is handled by the ordinary contract abort semantics
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
17
5
10
15
20
GBP window δ (s)
25
30
35
40
45
50
55
Estimated waiting share (%)
Block size
100 KB
200 KB
300 KB
400 KB
500 KB
Fig. 13. Estimated GBP-window waiting share under different δ and block
sizes.
TABLE II
PER-STAGE EXECUTION RESULTS OF THE AMM CONTRACT WORKLOAD
Stage
Successful Operations
Time Cost
Contract Deployment
3,072
93 s
Transaction Injection
1,024
23 s
Gas Prepayment
150,000
26 s
Token Transfer
50,000
4 s
Token Approval
1,000,000
66 s
AMM Token Swap
1,000,000
66 s
before local commitment, rather than by an asynchronous
compensation transaction. Unlike ordinary transfer workloads,
AMM execution introduces intensive shared-state updates
across multiple interdependent contracts.
We initialize 50,000 user accounts and 1,024 deployer
accounts, and deploy 1,024 AMM contract instances. The
detailed execution results are reported in Tab. II. These results
indicate that Akaverse can sustain high processing capacity
even under complex stateful contract workloads. Notably, in
the AMM token swap stage, the system completes 1,000,000
swap transactions in 66 s, corresponding to a throughput of
more than 1k tx/s.
To further evaluate runtime stability under complex AMM
workloads, we separately measure the throughput and latency of
approval and swap representative AMM operations. Approval is
dominated by allowance-state updates, whereas swap involves
more complex cross-contract state transitions. As shown in
Fig. ??, the approval workload achieves an average throughput
of over 13k tx/s. Despite the more complex state access and
write paths in swap execution, Akaverse still sustains 8,774 tx/s
for the swap workload. In addition, the average confirmation
latencies of approval and swap are 0.769 s and 0.714 s,
both remaining below one second. These results indicate that
Akaverse avoids persistent latency degradation and sustains
high throughput under highly concurrent AMM workloads.
These results show that Akaverse sustains efficient execution
under highly concurrent stateful AMM workloads.
VI. DISCUSSION
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
10000
12000
14000
16000
Throughput (tx/s)
13130
(a) Approval throughput
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
8000
9000
10000
Throughput (tx/s)
8774
(b) Swap throughput
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
700
800
900
Latency (ms)
769
(c) Approval latency
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
Elapsed Time (min)
650
700
750
800
Latency (ms)
714
(d) Swap latency
Instantaneous value
Mean value
Fig. 14. Throughput and latency of representative AMM operations.
A. Fast-Path Safety Boundary
Akaverse uses different commit rules for normal and
recovered executions. Under failure-free consecutive view
progression, the protocol may use the restricted two-chain
fast rule. Under the recovery-based or non-consecutive view
progression, the local flag Recoveredi disables the fast path,
and replicas use the standard chained HotStuff three-chain
commit rule. This design follows directly from our safety
analysis. Same-view fork prevention rules out conflicting
prepare QCs within a single view, while EVS prevents stale
forks from obtaining new prepare QCs after recovery. As
a result, Akaverse does not rely on the AggQC of Fast-
HotStuff two-chain recovery proof, but instead confines two-
chain commits to the normal path and uses the three-chain rule
as the recovery safety baseline.
B. GBP Design Rationale
A destination pool could verify source-pool certificates di-
rectly, similar to a light-client relay. However, direct verification
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
18
would push the full coordination burden to every destination
pool. Because records from different sources may arrive in
different orders, destination replicas still need a deterministic
ordering rule before local materialization.
GBP addresses this issue by introducing a batchable pool-
level ordering path for certified cross-pool records. Rather
than replacing destination-pool consensus, GBP records a
deterministic order once in its own log and exposes ordered
projections to destination pools. Final materialization remains
under destination-pool SMR.
A direct-verification design removes the GBP ordering
step, but each destination pool must independently collect
source proofs, maintain per-source progress, handle out-of-order
arrivals, and establish its own deterministic order before local
commitment. In contrast, GBP performs these coordination
tasks once in the GBP log and reuses the resulting ordered
projections across destination pools.
Although GBP may appear similar to relay or side-chain
coordination systems, its role is different from inter-chain
relay architectures such as Cosmos or Polkadot. Those systems
connect independent chains or zones through relay protocols,
cross-chain light clients, or shared relay-chain security. In
contrast, GBP does not introduce an external relay chain, a
separate validator set, or an independent inter-chain finality
layer.
C. Deployment Semantics for Cross-Pool Contracts
Akaverse reduces the procedural burden of cross-pool
coordination, yet the programming model remains sensitive
to deployment topology. Co-located entities preserve single-
pool atomicity and synchronous composability, making co-
location preferable for tightly coupled contracts. Interactions
across different pools follow the step-wise execution model of
Lemma A7 rather than a single globally atomic transaction.
Functionally independent contracts can therefore be distributed
across pools to exploit parallelism.
Co-location does not collapse Akaverse into a single-pool
design. It is applied only to tightly coupled contract groups
whose operations require synchronous composability. Indepen-
dent AMM instances, independent contracts, and separable
workflows remain distributed across pools and continue to
exploit parallel execution. Thus, Akaverse treats contract
placement as a topology-aware deployment decision: strong
state dependencies favor co-location, while weakly coupled
workloads favor cross-pool execution.
For AMM-style smart contracts, this distinction leads to
two deployment patterns. For latency-critical swaps, Akaverse
recommends co-locating the AMM pool and its associated token
contracts in the same transaction pool. In this pattern, allowance
checks, reserve updates, slippage checks, and token transfers
are executed within one pool-level SMR log. If the slippage
predicate fails, the swap aborts before local commitment, and
no cross-pool compensation is required.
For intentionally cross-pool AMM routing, Akaverse treats
the route as a sequence of locally committed steps rather than
a single synchronous transaction. Each hop performs its own
application-level predicate checks, such as a per-hop minimum-
output constraint. If a later hop fails before local commitment,
it produces no ledger-visible effect; already committed assets
remain in the last successful state and can be retried, rerouted,
refunded, or settled according to the application policy. This
design avoids global rollback and makes failure handling
explicit and auditable, but it is intended for loosely coupled or
multi-hop workflows rather than latency-critical synchronous
swaps.
Akaverse follows a sharded SMR semantics rather than a
uniform global-log SMR semantics. Regular pools and the
GBP pool each maintain their own committed logs. Cross-
pool execution proceeds through a certified forward path from
the source-pool log to the GBP-pool log, and finally to the
destination-pool log. This design preserves source-side causal
order for dependent cross-pool records while avoiding the cost
of imposing a single global total order on all independent
transactions.
Building on Akaverse, we plan to further explore a cross-
shard smart-contract operating system. The goal is to move
topology-aware deployment and cross-pool orchestration into
the runtime, reducing the need for developers to manage
deployment topology explicitly.
VII. CONCLUSION
In this paper, we presented Akaverse, a scalable sharded
blockchain that combines Fast-HotStuff with BLS threshold
signatures and view-synchronization gating under partial syn-
chrony, delivering linear communication and faster view syn-
chronization. We embed a randomness beacon directly into the
consensus protocol to provide low-cost, verifiable randomness
without relying on external modules. To improve cross-shard
efficiency, we propose a multi-leader parallel execution scheme
with a dedicated GBP pool, enabling rollback-free cross-pool
coordination through source-pool finality, GBP-pool ordering,
and destination-pool materialization. Our implementation on
1024 replicas achieves up to 19K tx/s with confirmation latency
under 10 s and remains robust even under forking attacks. These
results demonstrate that Akaverse provides a practical design
for high-throughput and resilient large-scale sharded blockchain
protocols with strong consistency guarantees.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
The work is supported by the National Key R&D Program of
China (No. 2023YFB2703700), the National Natural Science
Foundation of China (Nos. 62302457, 62441228), the Funda-
mental Research Funds of Zhejiang Sci-Tech University under
Grants No. 22222266-Y, the Program for Leading Innovative
Research Team of Zhejiang Province (No. 2023R01001), the
Zhejiang Provincial Natural Science Foundation of China (No.
LQ24F020008), the “Pioneer” and “Leading Goose” R&D
Program of Zhejiang (Nos. 2025C02033, 2023C01119), the
Program of Zhejiang Key Laboratory of Digital Fashion and
Data Governance(No. 2024E10049).
REFERENCES
[1] L. Luu, V. Narayanan, C. Zheng, K. Baweja, S. Gilbert, and P. Saxena,
“A secure sharding protocol for open blockchains,” in Proceedings of
the 2016 ACM SIGSAC conference on computer and communications
security, 2016, pp. 17–30.
JOURNAL OF LATEX CLASS FILES, VOL. 14, NO. 8, AUGUST 2021
19
[2] F. Chang, J. Dean, S. Ghemawat, W. C. Hsieh, D. A. Wallach, M. Burrows,
T. Chandra, A. Fikes, and R. E. Gruber, “Bigtable: A distributed storage
system for structured data,” ACM Transactions on Computer Systems
(TOCS), vol. 26, no. 2, pp. 1–26, 2008.
[3] E. Kokoris-Kogias, P. Jovanovic, L. Gasser, N. Gailly, E. Syta, and
B. Ford, “Omniledger: A secure, scale-out, decentralized ledger via
sharding,” in 2018 IEEE symposium on security and privacy (SP), 2018,
pp. 583–598.
[4] M. Zamani, M. Movahedi, and M. Raykova, “Rapidchain: Scaling
blockchain via full sharding,” in Proceedings of the 2018 ACM SIGSAC
conference on computer and communications security, 2018, pp. 931–948.
[5] K. Zhou, X. Zhang, C. Wang, and H. Cheng, “Accelerating cross-
shard blockchain consensus via decentralized coordinators service with
verifiable global states,” IEEE Transactions on Services Computing,
vol. 17, no. 4, pp. 1340–1353, 2024.
[6] M. Al-Bassam, A. Sonnino, S. Bano, D. Hrycyszyn, and G. Danezis,
“Chainspace: A sharded smart contracts platform,” in Proceedings of the
Network and Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS), 2018.
[7] J. Wang and H. Wang, “Monoxide: Scale out blockchains with asyn-
chronous consensus zones,” in 16th USENIX Symposium on Networked
Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI 19), 2019, pp. 95–112.
[8] Y. Liu, A. Liu, Y. Lu, Z. Pan, Y. Li, J. Liu, S. Bian, and M. Conti, “Kronos:
A secure and generic sharding blockchain consensus with optimized
overhead,” in Network and Distributed System Security Symposium
(NDSS), 2025.
[9] F. Cheng, J. Xiao, C. Liu, S. Zhang, Y. Zhou, B. Li, B. Li, and H. Jin,
“Shardag: Scaling dag-based blockchains via adaptive sharding,” in 2024
IEEE 40th International Conference on Data Engineering (ICDE), 2024,
pp. 2068–2081.
[10] Y. Liu, X. Xing, H. Cheng, D. Li, Z. Guan, J. Liu, and Q. Wu, “A
flexible sharding blockchain protocol based on cross-shard byzantine
fault tolerance,” IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security,
vol. 18, pp. 2276–2291, 2023.
[11] A. Liu, Y. Liu, Q. Wu, B. Zhao, D. Li, Y. Lu, R. Lu, and W. Susilo,
“Cherubim: A secure and highly parallel cross-shard consensus using
quadruple pipelined two-phase commit for sharding blockchains,” IEEE
Transactions on Information Forensics and Security, vol. 19, pp. 3178–
3193, 2024.
[12] A. Singh, T. Das, P. Maniatis, P. Druschel, and T. Roscoe, “BFT protocols
under fire,” in Proceedings of the 5th USENIX Symposium on Networked
Systems Design and Implementation (NSDI), 2008, pp. 189–204.
[13] A. Clement, E. Wong, L. Alvisi, M. Dahlin, and M. Marchetti, “Making
byzantine fault tolerant systems tolerate byzantine faults,” in Proceedings
of the 6th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and
Implementation (NSDI), 2009, pp. 153–168.
[14] M. Yin, D. Malkhi, M. K. Reiter, G. G. Gueta, and I. Abraham, “Hotstuff:
Bft consensus with linearity and responsiveness,” in Proceedings of the
2019 ACM symposium on principles of distributed computing, 2019, pp.
347–356.
[15] J. Niu, F. Gai, M. M. Jalalzai, and C. Feng, “On the performance
of pipelined hotstuff,” in IEEE INFOCOM 2021-IEEE Conference on
Computer Communications, 2021, pp. 1–10.
[16] G. Zhang, F. Pan, Y. Mao, S. Tijanic, M. Dang’ana, S. Motepalli, S. Zhang,
and H.-A. Jacobsen, “Reaching consensus in the byzantine empire: A
comprehensive review of bft consensus algorithms,” ACM Computing
Surveys, vol. 56, no. 5, Jan. 2024.
[17] M. M. Jalalzai, J. Niu, C. Feng, and F. Gai, “Fast-hotstuff: A fast and
robust bft protocol for blockchains,” IEEE Transactions on Dependable
and Secure Computing, vol. 21, no. 4, pp. 2478–2493, 2023.
[18] A. Bessani, J. Sousa, and E. E. Alchieri, “State machine replication for
the masses with bft-smart,” in 2014 44th Annual IEEE/IFIP international
conference on dependable systems and networks, 2014, pp. 355–362.
[19] M. Bravo, G. Chockler, and A. Gotsman, “Making byzantine consensus
live,” Distributed Computing, vol. 35, no. 6, pp. 503–532, 2022.
[20] R. Gelashvili, L. Kokoris-Kogias, A. Sonnino, A. Spiegelman, and
Z. Xiang, “Jolteon and ditto: Network-adaptive efficient consensus
with asynchronous fallback,” in International conference on financial
cryptography and data security, 2022, pp. 296–315.
[21] L.
Yang,
S.
J.
Park,
M.
Alizadeh,
S.
Kannan,
and
D.
Tse,
“{DispersedLedger}:{High-Throughput} byzantine consensus on variable
bandwidth networks,” in 19th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems
Design and Implementation (NSDI 22), 2022, pp. 493–512.
[22] A. Spiegelman, N. Giridharan, A. Sonnino, and L. Kokoris-Kogias,
“Bullshark: Dag bft protocols made practical,” in Proceedings of the 2022
ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and Communications Security,
2022, pp. 2705–2718.
[23] G. G. Gueta, I. Abraham, S. Grossman, D. Malkhi, B. Pinkas, M. Reiter,
D.-A. Seredinschi, O. Tamir, and A. Tomescu, “Sbft: A scalable and
decentralized trust infrastructure,” in 2019 49th Annual IEEE/IFIP
international conference on dependable systems and networks (DSN),
2019, pp. 568–580.
[24] X. Meng, X. Sui, Z. Yang, K. Rong, W. Xu, S. Chen, Y. Yan, and S. Duan,
“Rondo: Scalable and reconfiguration-friendly randomness beacon,” in
Network and Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS), 2025.
[25] B. David, P. Gaˇzi, A. Kiayias, and A. Russell, “Ouroboros praos:
An adaptively-secure, semi-synchronous proof-of-stake blockchain,” in
Annual International Conference on the Theory and Applications of
Cryptographic Techniques, 2018, pp. 66–98.
[26] A. Bhat, N. Shrestha, A. Kate, and K. Nayak, “Optrand: Optimistically
responsive reconfigurable distributed randomness,” in Network and
Distributed System Security Symposium (NDSS), 2023.
[27] A. Bhat, N. Shrestha, Z. Luo, A. Kate, and K. Nayak, “Randpiper–
reconfiguration-friendly random beacons with quadratic communication,”
in Proceedings of the 2021 ACM SIGSAC Conference on Computer and
Communications Security, 2021, pp. 3502–3524.
[28] E. Syta, P. Jovanovic, E. K. Kogias, N. Gailly, L. Gasser, I. Khoffi, M. J.
Fischer, and B. Ford, “Scalable bias-resistant distributed randomness,” in
2017 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP), 2017, pp. 444–460.
[29] B. Schoenmakers, “A simple publicly verifiable secret sharing scheme and
its application to electronic voting,” in Annual International Cryptology
Conference, 1999, pp. 148–164.
[30] D. Beaver, K. Chalkias, M. Kelkar, L. Kokoris-Kogias, K. Lewi,
L. de Naurois, V. Nikolaenko, A. Roy, and A. Sonnino, “STROBE:
Streaming threshold random beacons,” in 5th Conference on Advances in
Financial Technologies (AFT 2023), ser. Leibniz International Proceedings
in Informatics (LIPIcs), vol. 282, 2023, pp. 7:1–7:16.
